[opening theme music playing]
-[maid Kim] Thank you for the tour.
-[landlord] Please let me know
-if you are interested.
-We will.
[maid Kim exhales]
The location is right in between
Jinyowon and Songrim.
And the roof tiles
and floors are clean, too.
This is the best house we've seen so far.
Don't you think there are
too many rooms in this house?
Surely, they'll have children soon.
If they have a son, he'll take
the surname Park and lead Songrim.
If it's a daughter, she'll take
the surname Jin and lead Jinyowon.
They should have many children.
I did well to ask you to join me
on this house tour, Maidservant Kim.
I will most certainly pick
the one you like the most.
[laughs softly]
To be honest,
I do not wish to live
in a very big house like that.
I would much prefer a cozy little house
where my husband
and I can live happily together.
[laughs softly]
It would be nice to have a small garden
where I can plant
my favorite flowers, too.
[laughs]
You like flowers, right, Maidservant Kim?
[exhales]
Shall I plant balsam flowers?
We'll pick them when they bloom and
use them to dye each other's fingernails.
[chuckles]
It would be so wonderful
to live happily like that.
I'll try to look for a house…
just like that.
Yes?
I will plant balsam seeds in the garden
of a cozy little house,
and gift it to you when you get married,
Maidservant Kim.
Hmm?
So, it'll be a gift?
Since Master Lee so adored
the dog, Sapsali,
I will also gift you
a small puppy like that.
Are you seriously telling me that
I should wed Master Lee right now?
Well, did you not say
just looking at him made you happy?
Oh, you thought the person I had
feelings for was Master Lee Cheol?
I, too, am at least that observant.
So your observation is telling you
to give me a gift when I marry him?
A house for us to live in?
I can… give at least
that much as a gift for you.
Why?
Then buy me a house with 100 rooms.
I thought you were well-off.
A hundred?
[gasps]
Ah!
Did you actually prefer a bigger house?
-[Jin laughs]
-[exasperated sigh]
You see, I am a bit slow.
[laughs]
Are you an idiot?
You are the one I have feelings for.
[sobbing] I was hoping
you would catch on sooner or later.
While cooking your favorite dishes
and making your clothes,
I thought this slow-witted man
would one day notice my true feelings.
I was waiting for that.
But…
you want me to marry someone else?
And you will buy a house for me
to live in with that man?
Maid Kim.
[breathes shakily]
I, uh…
have misunderstood you.
You shut up!
Today, as we were looking
at houses together just then,
I dreamed of the day when the two of us
would finally be together as well.
I imagined how happy I would be
picking balsam flowers in my garden
and lovingly grinding them
to dye each other's fingernails.
[softly] Love? Love!
That's right! Now, you know.
Lovey-dovey together!
Lovey-dovey!
Yes! Oh, yes! Lovey-dovey!
I can also imagine
that scene so vividly now.
Forget it now.
That dream has been crushed,
and I will no longer expect
anything from you anymore, my lord.
Oh, I will accept a house
with 100 rooms when I get married.
[maid Kim scoffs]
-Maidservant Kim!
-[cries]
Maidservant Kim!
[maid Kim sobs]
Maidservant Kim. Maidservant Kim!
Lovey-dovey!
I… have ruined everything.
You fool.
[sniffling]
Fine.
Just you wait and see me get married!
You'd better get me that house with rooms.
[sobbing]
Oh, Maid Kim, there you are.
Maid Kim, you're crying?
Of course not. Why would I?
You are crying. Who made you cry?
Seeing you like this
really breaks my heart.
[sighs]
I was feeling jealous
that Young Master Park is getting married
before my young master Uk.
Made me jealous and upset, so I'm sad.
There is no need to be jealous or upset.
I'll be getting married soon as well.
What?
Have you finally decided
to get married, then?
Yes. So, Maidservant Kim,
you have nothing to be upset about, hmm.
Gosh!
Well, then I should just leave these here.
What is all this?
They're the wedding gifts
I prepared for when you get married.
I wanted to give them
to Young Master Park and Young Lady Jin.
Why would you do that, though?
That's such a waste.
Indeed!
I should give them
to Young Lady Heo, then?
Now, why would you give her these?
Gosh! You said you were getting married.
I already know everything.
She is your bird egg.
-Bird egg?
-Your big love, that's a secret, hmm.
The egret that hatches aloofly
at the top of a tall tree.
Uh… [nervous chuckle]
I think you have misunderstood.
That is not the right bird.
-It's not her?
-No.
Oh, I thought it was obviously her
who would be hatched from the egg. No?
Then, you're sure there is someone else?
Mm-hmm, you're right.
[inhales deeply]
Who?
Maidservant Kim,
do not be startled and just listen.
If you feel like
you will bite your tongue,
bite your handkerchief instead.
I mean, who could it be, then?
What other women do you have around you?
[quirky music playing]
[gasps]
Don't tell me…
That's right. This all belongs to Mu-deok.
[gasps]
[exclaims]
[exclaims in denial]
That cannot be! It's Mu-deok?
What happened to Young Lady Heo?
[screams]
It looks like things worked out
for you and Young Master Jang in the end.
Yes.
I've decided I'm going
to get married to him.
You know I am fond of spreading rumors.
Please, do so.
-Mu-deok has changed her fate.
-[laughs]
Well, if it gets out
that he is marrying you,
that will clear up all the nasty rumors.
"Nasty rumors"?
You know, the rumor that he was impotent
because he practiced chastity.
That's not true!
That's what everyone said. Not true?
Oh! No, definitely not!
[Ju-wol] Gosh! Ah!
So you've already confirmed that.
What do you mean? Confirmed what?
Now, I see! That is why
you've chosen to marry him.
What woman would marry an impotent man
even if he was from the Jang family?
Do not worry, Mu-deok!
I'll make sure everyone knows.
"She checked, and he's definitely okay."
We have not done it yet!
We seriously have not done it yet!
I swear!
[chuckles]
I am older, there's no need
to be embarrassed.
-Goodness me!
-[exhales deeply]
You were just full of anger
when we first met here.
But you seem to have a heart now.
For some reason, I always thought that
you would cut all ties
and disappear one day.
Well, I told you. I changed my fate.
I will not disappear
and protect those I love as well.
You must like him a lot.
[chuckles]
Have a good future! A happy one.
[laughs gently]
[Jin Mu] I will find the sword for you
that can destroy Jang Uk's light.
I, Jin Mu, am the only one
who can help you destroy the King's Star.
Jang Uk has already lost all his energy.
He gave up all his power
to break the barrier.
He was even stripped of his right
to be the next Gwanju of Cheonbugwan.
He has no power anymore.
And everyone already thinks that
the King's Star from that day is mine.
There is nothing more
that you can do… for me.
Jang Gang may have paid
for the misdeeds of Songrim,
Jinyowon, and Cheongbugwan with his death,
but since Jin U-tak is still alive,
your crime will be exposed.
I do not want to punish someone
who was once my master.
Come forward and accept
the punishment for your crimes.
Do you truly think the ice stone is gone?
That power is the energy of the skies.
The one born under the King's Star
and is granted permission
can harness that power.
What will you do if Jang Uk
has that power and is merely hiding it?
I will wait for your reply, Your Highness.
My loyalty will forever belong to you.
You haven't spoken
when you have regained consciousness.
I saved you so you could have
the chance to atone for your sins
to our beloved daughter,
our Bu-yeon.
[breathes shakily]
When I first saw you…
I fell for your warm smile.
[laughs]
This one is pretty, too.
I think this one will look pretty
on Bu-yeon as well.
[Ho-gyeong] Ever since the moment
I fell for you,
I truly have
never been able to love
anyone else.
I'm not saying this to resolve anything,
I'm only saying this
to make you really suffer.
I just want you to understand
exactly what you did to our daughter.
Jin Mu has lied.
I hope you'll be in agony.
[breathes shakily]
[Yeom-su] Jin U-tak is in Sejukwon.
He's regained consciousness.
If he is still alive,
it will be impossible to hide
my connection to our order.
We must get rid of him.
[court lady] I have brought
soul potions from the apothecary
and the Queen's divination bells
from the palace, as you commanded.
[ominous music playing]
[bell jingling]
[maid 1] Help, my lord!
[groans]
-[screams]
-[man yells angrily]
[grunts]
[roars]
-[maid 2] Please, spare us!
-[roars]
[laughs]
With this, I can make
all the soul shifters
I have created go on a rampage.
If Jang Uk really does have
the ice stone's power,
he will not be able to hide it.
[Jang Uk]
Please, craft two rings with these.
[merchant exclaims]
Seeing how you're ordering matching rings.
I guess all those rumors
are true, aren't they?
[merchant laughs]
They are wedding rings,
so please, take extra care, okay?
Gosh, of course!
I will do my utmost. Absolutely!
Please, take a look here
at these wonderful designs.
Which do you like?
[Jang Uk] I like this one.
-Oh, no! Uh…
-[Mu-deok] Hmm.
[laughs awkwardly]
-That one is, well…
-Huh?
That was Young Lady Yeong-ok's.
-[stutters] Oh, this one…
-Yes, yes!
That's not pretty at all.
[clears throat] Then what about this one?
No! Huh… [laughs awkwardly]
[stutters] That is…
-Young Lady So-jeong's.
-No! Never mind.
All of these, they are all… all ugly.
Then, I will take out
all the ugly ones, yes, um…
All right, um, these, and, uh, these…
And these too.
I will put these here.
All right, all right, all right!
Feel free to choose
from the remaining ones.
-Any of them. [laughs awkwardly]
-[sighs]
Seven rings?
[merchant groans]
[quirky music playing]
[Jang Uk] Thank you, thank you.
Wait, um…
I don't really think there were seven.
I don't remember a single one.
Did all those rings have
similar stories to you and Cho-yeon?
You promised to marry them
if they opened your gate of energy?
I swear. I never made
a move with any of them.
Once you said you needed to make
an effort not to like a handsome man.
So, you know, all these women,
uh, did not try their very best.
You're so annoying!
And also, I am all yours now.
Rather than winning my heart for free,
don't you feel proud
to have beaten the competition?
[gasps]
Wow!
I would have been prouder
had there been a dozen more.
Such a shame, right?
Why? Do you think I cannot?
I'm just kidding, all right?
You're the only one.
I tossed the rings and forgot the girls.
Hold on a minute.
I did see a few rings
while I was cleaning your room.
I must go and look for them.
Oh! Why would you look for
such meaningless things?
No, no. I think there really were
a dozen of them.
Let go. I need to go check.
I said there are none.
Mu-deok, shall we go eat now?
[sighs]
Be honest with me.
How many rings?
[Jang Uk] Just one.
You are the one that
I will be wearing for the rest of my life.
I have never given
such a ring to anyone else.
Well…
since we're wearing rings
around our fingers,
we won't need to make any
with the yin-yang jade.
Hmm.
Should we make necklaces instead?
[Mu-deok] Do as you please.
[Jang Uk]
I'm not jealous of Dang-gu one bit.
[Mu-deok] I'm not jealous of
Cho-yeon, either.
I-I guess the rumors
about those two are true.
That annoying young master
is smiling all giddy.
You are right.
I suppose from the moment we met,
I was mistaken.
How embarrassing.
Young Lady.
Don't tell me you confessed your love
to him when you were trapped together.
I was going to. And I almost did.
I had my chance.
You do not need to hold
that light up for me, Yun-ok.
You can put it down.
Are you uncomfortable
that I am here with you?
I feel all right.
[smacks lips]
Do as you please, then.
Hmm.
When you were drunk
and lying down in Sejukwon,
you were comfortable with me
taking care of you all night.
Because I thought you were Mu-deok.
So that is the expression
he makes when he likes someone.
Young Master Jang should have been the one
to get hurt in there
instead of Master Seo.
Then, you two could have
possibly gotten closer.
Because you take care of those
who are hurt.
[chuckles] Do you think so?
Had he gotten injured…
would I have had a chance?
[Beom] Yul, I heard you were returning
to Seoho Fortress.
Yes, I decided to leave
after Dang-gu's wedding.
-Let us have a farewell party before then.
-All right.
[groaning]
[Yun-ok] You're still in pain
even though your wound has healed?
[Seo Yul] I thought it would get better,
but it keeps hurting.
Could you tell me
if something else happened
while I was unconscious?
All I did was stop the bleeding
from your open wound.
Oh.
So-i ran away. She gave you her blood.
[Yun-ok sighs]
You cannot give blood this way, So-i.
Why did you injure yourself so recklessly?
I just…
really wanted to save him, no matter what.
Her blood was indeed
able to enter your wound.
But that should not be a problem.
I'm sure I will recover soon.
I do not want the others to worry,
so please, keep it quiet.
[man laughs]
All right, all right. Drink up. Yeah.
[laughs]
Hey, what are you doing there?
-[man] Huh?
-[So-i gasps]
Hey, what did you steal?
Ugh! What is this? What's wrong with you?
Hey! Stop there!
The wound where the blood parasite
came out does not heal easily.
[breathes heavily]
[groans]
There is a blood parasite in him.
[sighs]
He must be in pain.
He needs the medicine I took
at Jinyowon to relieve the pain.
Oh, Mu-deok.
You should stop being
a servant in this house now.
Why? Are you kicking me out?
If I really tried
kicking you out, you'd leave?
-No.
-Then why would you say that
if you are not going to leave anyway?
Do not do such chores anymore.
You will be his precious wife after all,
so I cannot make you do more chores.
So, does that mean you accept me?
What choice do I have
when the young master loves you that much?
Oh, and also, I refuse to
address you as "my lady".
Gosh.
I won't consider you
my mother-in-law, either.
Why would I be your mother-in-law
when I'm not married?
That would hurt my pride.
That's true.
But you and Lord Park
will get married soon, too, won't you?
I mean, that is how it looked.
[sobs]
Goodness.
M-Maidservant Kim.
Even you can see it, but only he can't.
-What should I do?
-Hold on.
It is so obvious!
How could he possibly not know?
Wow, is he a fool?
He is a fool. A fool!
[sobs]
I can't with him.
[maid Kim] That's right! Now, you know.
Lovey-dovey together.
I cannot stop…
thinking about
what Maid Kim…
has said to me.
Uh, my lord.
Uk.
Oh, when did you get here?
I have been here for a while. I had
something I want to discuss with you.
What was it that
you were thinking that hard about?
There is…
something bothering me.
So, what did you want to discuss?
Oh, well, you see,
I was thinking about leaving
the capital for some time
after Dang-gu and Cho-yeon's wedding.
Oh, I see.
Then…
what about Maidservant Kim?
Oh.
If nobody asks her to stay here,
I can't leave her alone.
I'll take her with me.
Who knows when we'll return.
It could be one year or ten years.
Or we may end up not returning forever.
[sobs]
I have done something
unforgivable to Maidservant Kim.
[sighs]
If I asked her to stay,
do you think that she'd be with me?
Hmm…
Maidservant Kim…
was crying.
[gasps]
[sobs]
She will cry even more
if you do not ask her.
I will have to…
just go.
Not go.
Go.
[sighs]
What is the point? Go!
There is something…
that I would like to show you.
[Jin breathes heavily]
They are balsam flower seeds.
If you plant these now,
the flowers will bloom
in three to four months.
I could make them bloom
in front of your eyes
by using a spell right now.
But…
I tend to be slow.
Could you wait until they sprout,
bud leaves and then…
finally bloom into flowers?
[soft music playing]
I will.
I will
try to go with…
your slow pace.
[soft music continues playing]
[maid Kim chuckles]
Looks like this gift will only
interrupt them now.
[chuckles]
[boy] Whoa!
[girl] Thank you. We will enjoy the fish.
[boy] Thank you.
[girl] Did you see?
That man was crying.
I have never seen an adult cry
with their nose running like that before.
He must not be feeling well.
Do you think so?
[sobbing]
-Are you all right?
-[groans]
Here. I've brought you some medicine.
You should take it.
[breathes heavily]
Once we get Shaman Choi's brother
who is in Sejukwon to start talking,
we'll be able to catch Jin Mu.
There is something I must ask Jin Mu.
Whether my father chose
to become a soul shifter
or if there was a story behind it.
Only he will know that.
[maid Kim] Lord Cho Chung passed away
because of Gwanju Jang Gang.
Lord Cho Chung found out
that the Gwanju had practiced sorcery.
Afraid that he would tell everyone,
Jin Mu decided to turn him into
a soul shifter and made him run wild.
Are you telling me
we killed Lord Cho
when he was actually innocent?
[Chung roars]
[Ho-gyeong] It is not our fault.
We were not aware of the actual truth.
Lord Cho is in fact wrongly accused
of practicing sorcery
and killing his own family.
The Gwanju implored that at least
we should try and clear Lord Cho's name.
Hmm, we should discuss this
at the next Unanimous Assembly.
But why did Jin Mu go
that far with Cho Chung?
If he just wanted to silence Lord Cho,
he should not have had a reason
to turn him into a soul shifter
and to make him a killer.
Jin Mu…
knows everything about Uk's birth.
He did that to Cho Chung,
a friend of Jang Gang,
solely to torture the Gwanju.
That means…
if Jin Mu is really caught,
he is going to expose
Young Master's secret.
To stop that from happening,
we have to find him,
and kill him immediately.
[Jin Mu sighs]
If you curse
the Soul Ejector with divination,
you can control the soul
that has been using it.
[bell jingling]
[ominous music playing]
[Shaman Choi] In other words,
you can make them run wild,
and then get rid of them by petrification.
Shaman Choi
cursed all Soul Ejectors back then
when she made them with divination.
That is why I have never tried
to shift souls to this day.
I will make all soul shifters
in this capital run wild
just like Cho Chung.
Assistant Gwanju.
They say Jang Uk is going
to leave Jeongjingak.
Songrim is letting him go?
[Yeom-su] That is what I heard.
Rumor has it that
he's leaving the capital as well.
He will leave all of this behind?
If the only person who will go
against the Crown Prince disappears…
There is nothing more that you can do…
for me.
Why in the world is Uk leaving Songrim?
He even consumed poison to get in there
and reached Chisu at an unbelievable pace.
And now! He may even have
the ice stone's power,
so what is it? Tell me why!
[exhales deeply]
Perhaps, he had
a change of heart, my lord.
So what you're saying
is that he's changed.
What could have caused him
to change like that?
What could have caused him to change?
People can only change for other people.
Find the person who appeared
just when he began changing.
That's your answer.
The person who appeared
just when he began changing.
I'm here to acquire Naksu's sword, sir.
That is ridiculous.
It could not have been Naksu.
[Jin Mu] Jang Uk used Naksu's Tansu.
No.
Master Lee must have taught him that.
I witnessed everything while
he was living with me in Danhyanggok.
And the only one at his side
was none other than his young servant.
[suspenseful music playing]
By any chance,
is he leaving Songrim with his servant?
Yes, my lord. I heard that
he is leaving with Mu-deok,
the servant who has always
been following him around.
[suspenseful music continues playing]
[indistinct background chatter]
[Mr. Lee] Is it even right
for me to ask you to come with me?
You said you had a lot to buy.
I'll help you carry it.
[Mr. Lee laughs]
[ominous music playing]
If it really is her…
[sneezes]
[ominous music continues playing]
[bell jingling]
Hello, Mu-deok.
-[Mr. Lee] Are you all right?
-Yes.
[Mr. Lee] Did you not hear me calling you?
I did.
Why could I not answer you?
Did you hear bells, by any chance?
Hear bells? No, I did not.
Hey, the quality here is not good.
Let's go, let's go.
Yes.
Naksu.
You have given me a way to live.
[Jang Uk] Oh! Oh, Master Lee, a fish!
A fish, a fish!
[sighs] Ugh.
Master Lee.
Oh, come on now.
How many times have you let them go, huh?
I have no regrets over the fish I've lost.
What does that mean?
If you lose them, it's just a total waste.
This is just mere greed and obsession.
What?
However, within the loss, I encountered
the pure sadness it has brought.
[inhales deeply]
Lately, I've been coming to understand
why people feel sad
when they see a river flowing,
a season passing by, and the sun setting.
[Jang Uk sighs]
Looking at this empty basket makes me sad.
Mu-deok told me
to catch a lot of fish for her.
Are you going to keep
that soul shifter by your side?
Mu-deok and I both kept
our promise to you.
I stood by the way of Naksu's sword,
and Mu-deok lowered her blade on her own.
So, I hope you will keep
your promise and just let both of us go.
What happened to the ice stone that day?
Is it not inside of your body, perhaps?
[celestial music playing]
Even if the ice stone is inside my body,
it is completely useless to me.
I can't even catch a waterdrop,
let alone a Golden Fish from this lake.
[Master Lee] If you train again,
you may be able to use that power.
I witnessed first-hand how that desire
to harness that power made
human beings so violent and unsightly.
It's only right to let it
be gone from this world.
A boy who is greedy over a single fish
has no desire for the ice stone?
Ha! You are better than me, I guess.
In any case,
since the ice stone is within me,
I can protect at least
one person beside me.
If Mu-deok runs wild by chance,
please, help her use
this power to stop it, Master Lee.
As long as she doesn't try
to bring out her power in that body,
she will not run wild.
Because the soul of an assassin
is in that tiny, weak body,
if anything, she should have
run wild a long time ago.
But the reason why she hasn't
is that body is in control
of her soul's power.
I saw that very clearly
on the day we first met.
The ability to contain
the powers of a mage
is the divine power of priestesses.
It seems the original owner
of Mu-deok's body
used to have
a great amount of divine powers.
[breathes roughly]
[So-i gasps softly]
This will ease the pain
from the blood parasite.
But only ease the pain,
it cannot get rid of it.
I need to give this to him at least.
[gasps]
So, it turns out
you have dug your own grave.
[breathes heavily]
How dare you deceive me
pretending to be my daughter,
So-i?
But you were not fooled, Mother.
You quickly realized,
but feigned ignorance.
Was it all because of that rock?
Right.
A mother could never fail
to recognize her child.
To stop any more trouble,
it is best that you die here and now.
[gasps]
Can you also…
recognize this?
It is what Bu-yeon was wearing
the day she disappeared.
You said you embroidered it yourself,
didn't you?
[gasps]
[Ho-gyeong inhales sharply]
[exclaims]
You! Where did you get this?
Did Jin Mu also put you up to this?
[laughs]
Oh, no.
Only I know… who the owner is.
Who is it? Tell me.
Your daughter, Bu-yeon, is still alive.
If you want to see her again,
you cannot kill me.
I'll spare you.
Where is Bu-yeon? My Bu-yeon!
[Ho-gyeong gasps]
Don't rush me like this.
I will tell you next time…
once I know I'm safe.
[breathes shakily]
[Jin] The ice stone has disappeared.
But there are still
soul shifters created by
the Choi family's secret organization.
Songrim and Jinyowon will step forward
to get rid of them.
I ask that you join
our cause, Your Highness.
You are implying that I should not
protect Assistant Gwanju Jin Mu.
I know he was your master but I believe
you didn't fall to his trickery.
So you trust me?
Then do you believe
that I am truly the King's Star
who got rid of the ice stone?
You were there
when the ice stone's barrier was lifted,
and the King's Star appeared right then.
So like everyone else,
I believe you are the King's Star.
There was another person
in this place besides me.
Who would mind them
when Your Royal Highness
is the one who is here?
That other person
who was there was Jang Uk.
I am sure you saw him there.
Jang Uk is like a son to me.
Thanks to Your Highness, he is safe now.
I am truly grateful for that.
[sighs]
I'm quitting my job
here at Songrim today, too.
I came to resign.
[laughs lightly]
[smacks lips]
Gosh, you went through
so much effort to finally land this job.
It's really a shame you're quitting
because you're getting married.
Then again, you are becoming
the lady of the Jang family.
I suppose it's worth it.
Oh! Mu-deok, congratulations.
Be happy.
[clears throat] All right, all right.
What are you doing, huh?
Come along now.
Hmm? Hurry up!
[Eunuch Oh] Hurry up!
[Mu-deok] Your Royal Highness,
thank you for saving my life.
I am honored.
May the light of the King's Star
shine forever and always!
That is enough. Don't pretend.
It's uncomfortable.
You already know that it was Jang Uk
who saved everyone that day, not me.
Just as you two have promised,
I won't tell anyone,
so do not worry about it.
Do you think I am worried
because someone might find out
that I took the credit?
I'm just annoyed in having to
sit and listen to everyone's flattery.
They are all praising you
for doing a great job.
You can just enjoy it
and accept it for what it is.
It's very offensive to me to hear
such things from those strangers.
And seeing how you bow before me…
feels like you are mocking me,
and it makes my insides turn.
I understand why you feel uncomfortable.
You will actually never
have to see ever me again,
so do not worry.
I heard…
-you are going far away with him.
-[Mu-deok] Yes, Your Highness.
We are preparing to go and live together
somewhere far from the capital.
Together?
[Go Won scoffs]
If I stop you, you cannot leave together.
Do you really think I will let Jang Uk go
even though he knows my weakness?
Then how would it feel
to see that person by keeping
them next to you?
I imagine it would not stop at just making
your insides turn and offending you.
Right.
You are Filthy Mu-deok
who listens to all my petty complaints.
Then, I would suggest
you listen to this as well.
I will feel small knowing that he did
something that I failed to do.
And pretending that I have done something
I did not will make me feel pathetic.
But most of all…
I will utterly despise…
seeing you with him so much
I will be unable to bear it.
I told you
that I do not try to catch things
I know I will not be able to.
Do you know what I do when I cannot
catch it even though I try?
Will you blame
that person you cannot catch
and get rid of them?
If this pathetic, wretched feeling
turns into a violent and wicked one…
simply avoiding me will never
be enough to keep you safe.
You need to disappear to a faraway place…
out of my reach.
[sighs]
Guys…
-I am getting married tomorrow!
-[Jang Uk] Yeah, yeah, wow.
[clicks tongue]
[sighs] You little boys.
I suppose I will not get to see
you guys like this often anymore.
[Jang Uk] Of course not.
There's no way Cho-yeon would ever
let you have fun like this.
-Neither will his mother-in-law.
-No, hmm.
[Seo Yul exclaims]
He will no longer
have the pleasure to come
-to our gyeokgu matches, for sure.
-[Jang Uk] Hmm.
We definitely won't be able
to invite him to fishing.
Well, I can still make time
and see you guys now and then.
[Seo Yul] What will you tell her?
-That you are training or something?
-[chuckles softly]
Are you seriously going to lie
to a Jinyowon priestess?
He will be caught right away.
Cho-yeon will grab you and surround you
with relics from Jinyowon, huh?
She will demand the truth from you,
and then, you will be bewitched
and tell her everything.
-Then she will pull out all of--
-His hair, his hair, his hair!
Oh, dear, that is--
He doesn't even have
that much hair, to begin with.
[Seo Yul clicks tongue]
[exhales]
[laughs]
Ah, I see. You are just envious.
I am still happy
because my first love
has really come true.
I will share lots of my good energy
and luck with you bachelors, huh?
[grunts]
-I caught it.
-Oh, right, Uk, you have Mu-deok.
-[Jang Uk] That's right.
-And she is not your first.
-She is, what, your eighth love?
-[stammers] No.
You better not say that
to Mu-deok, or else I'll kill you.
Ah, okay, okay. All right. Forget it then.
Yul, you can take my energy. Ah, take it!
That's fine.
I was rejected.
What?
By whom?
N-not by Mu-deok?
Oh…
[sighs lightly] No, not that.
The woman I had feelings for
was not Mu-deok.
[Dang-gu] Oh…
Um, well, who then?
Hey, Uk, do you know?
Well, um, I guess I have a hunch.
[Dang-gu] Oh.
So, have you decided
where you are going with Mu-deok?
Well, we are thinking of Sari Village.
There's something that
I want to ask around.
Then, are you all prepared to go
back to Seoho Fortress now?
You said you would be leaving
right after my wedding, Yul?
It seems like I will have to delay.
I might need more treatment.
What? Does it still hurt?
I heard the wound had
already healed, though.
-[Seo Yul sighs]
-What? Is Master Heo a quack?
The wound has healed,
but I still feel some pain.
I will be fine.
[huffs, breathes heavily]
[Ju-wol] Young Master Seo.
I do not know
if I should give this to you.
But a beggar I met on the side of the road
pleaded with me to deliver this.
[So-i] This medicine will relieve
the tightening pain
you feel around your heart.
You must take it.
[Seo Yul] It is someone
who knows my current condition.
Who could it be?
[breathes heavily]
I knew you would come back
to see me, Your Royal Highness.
There is nothing that Jang Uk can do,
so I will cast him far away.
As for the ice stone, he doesn't have it.
Come forward and pay for your crimes
by the end of the day.
And if you do not…
I will have to capture my own master.
Everyone is deceiving you.
Did you meet with Songrim's leader today?
What did he say to you?
Did he congratulate you
for being the real King's Star?
He is well aware that
it's not you, but it is Jang Uk.
Do you think Master Lee does not know?
He barged into the palace
and mentioned the King's Star,
all the while knowing.
Are you saying that they all deceived me
and have been mocking me this whole time?
They are hiding it to protect him.
Jang Uk has the power
of the ice stone and Songrim's protection.
The only one you can trust
to protect you is just me, Jin Mu.
Jang Uk is hiding something tremendous.
I will expose it…
and… send him all the way
to rock bottom where he belongs.
[ominous music playing]
[maid Kim] That's right.
Huh, what? Who drank it all?
Your glass is empty.
It was you? You drank it all.
[maid Kim] Empty! Pour me some, then.
-Right.
-Have some.
"Have some"? How dare you say that?
-"Have some"?
-[Mu-deok] What will you do about it?
[maid Kim] Oh, Young Master Jang.
Young Master Jang, hah,
we were having a drink to celebrate
-Mu-deok's resignation from Songrim today.
-Huh.
-Hi, Jang Uk.
-Hey!
-How dare you call him "Jang Uk"?
-[Mu-deok] Ah!
Sorry. My mistake.
-[maid Kim] That's right.
-These two have had a few drinks.
Oh, Young Master Jang.
Come here. Come, come!
[maid Kim laughs]
Let me show you something really so cool.
When Mu-deok is drunk…
-Hmm?
-…she does not speak in dialect at all.
-[maid Kim laughs]
-Oh!
Is that fascinating?
-A pity…
-Huh?
…that I cannot show you.
But I can fly up to that roof.
The roof? Really? Go try it.
-Try it?
-Try it.
Watch closely.
Huh?
[inhales deeply]
[Mu-deok grunts]
-Darn it. Hold on. Damn it.
-[Jang Uk] Oh.
[grunts]
-Oh, you-- All right.
-[Mu-deok] It's not working, it's not.
Just sit.
[groans lightly]
Cannot draw my sword either.
[maid Kim] What? That?
That sword is not yours.
-That was Naksu's.
-[sighs]
-Young Master.
-Oh, yes?
Why do you keep bringing that thing
in here when I told you it's hideous?
Oh, right. I'm going
to get rid of it. I will.
[Mu-deok sighs]
-Let me try it again.
-Go on.
-Sure. Try it. Fly.
-[Mu-deok] Let me try.
-[sighs]
-[maid Kim] Go on.
[both] Up!
-[Mu-deok] Oh.
-[Jang Uk] Ugh, there.
-Wow.
-[maid Kim] Huh?
-Maidservant Kim, please, clean this up.
-[Mu-deok] Did you see that?
-[Jang Uk] I'll take care of Mu-deok.
-Wait, I can fly.
-[Jang Uk] And do not fly, do not fly.
-I told you.
She really, really did fly.
Lord Park, did you see that?
I want you to fly with me.
You guys have no idea who I am.
I am the true master of it all.
I'll show you.
I am the master.
Not working. Today is not my day.
[laughs]
[Jang Uk sighs]
Mu-deok, do not drink ever again.
You'll tell everyone that
you are actually Naksu.
Huh.
I have something to tell you.
Sleep now. Tell me tomorrow.
I must say it now.
What if I do not tell you
and then I die tomorrow?
Fine, tell me. Before you die, go on.
Tell me.
Listen.
Jang Uk, I like you a lot.
[scoffs]
Oh! Oh, I see. And now, it's bedtime.
You do that and just fall asleep?
[sighs]
I need to tell her
what Master Lee said, too.
[Master Lee] It seems
the original owner of Mu-deok's body
used to have
a great amount of divine powers.
We will find out
once I get to Sari Village with you.
Hmm.
[bell jingling]
[ominous music playing]
[bell jingling continues]
[all cheering]
[man] Be happy!
Both of you, let bygones be bygones.
And be good in-laws to each other.
Our Cho-yeon is not marrying
into the Park family.
Park Dang-gu is the one
who is marrying into ours.
He's not moving to Jinyowon.
It's because you keep saying
such things that people are talking
about how Park Dang-gu
is to become Jin Dang-gu.
Their daughter will be given our surname.
Their son will have ours.
Hey, now! You are arguing again! Why now?
The guests will be arriving soon.
You should go get ready to greet them.
[Heo Yeom] Go on. Go, go, go!
[Jang Uk] Where is Dang-gu?
He said he is going
to Sejukwon with Cho-yeon first.
They're going to sneak inside
to pay respects to her father.
[chuckles]
Where is Mu-deok?
I don't know. I thought she went ahead,
but I haven't seen her.
Is she avoiding me now
because of last night?
[chuckles]
[bell jingling]
[eerie music playing]
[bell jingling continues]
Naksu.
You cannot draw your sword
because you are stuck in that body.
You are my last weapon anyway.
I will use all my power
to help bring out yours.
So once you regain your energy,
run wild.
[dramatic music playing]
[grunts]
[dramatic music continues playing]
[So-i] Only I know who the owner is.
Your daughter, Bu-yeon, is still alive.
Oh, Mother.
[sighs]
Maidservant Kim.
Where did that servant,
Mu-deok, use to live?
Does she… have parents?
No, she does not.
I heard she grew up in Sari Village.
I told you all of this before
when she was falsely accused
because of that girl, So-i.
I asked you to help that girl.
You didn't pretend to hear me.
Does So-i know about Mu-deok?
Right. Young Lady Jin also knows her.
[Dang-gu] You are so beautiful.
[chuckles]
Well, you are handsome as well.
Uh, let us go and greet your father.
We cannot stay there for long.
If the others find out,
they will give us an earful.
Yes.
Thank you so much…
hus-ba-- husband.
[giggles]
Oh.
[Dang-gu] Be careful…
my wife.
My dear wife.
[stutters] Oh, wait for me.
Mu-deok? What are you doing here?
Mu-deok, you cannot bring that in here.
[doctor Seo screams]
[Jin Mu] First, kill Jin U-tak.
[doctor Seo groans]
[doctor Seo] Mu-deok!
[mages grunt]
-[sword sloshes]
-[mage 1 groans]
[mage 2 groans]
[U-tak] What is happening?
You…
you are Jang Uk's servant, right?
What's going on?
[eerie music playing]
[U-tak breathes heavily]
[yells]
[coughs]
[U-tak pants]
[Jin Mu] Kill Jin U-tak.
[gasps]
Father!
[Cho-yeon] Father!
[U-tak coughs]
Mu-deok.
What are you doing?
She is…
she is an assassin.
Run, Cho-yeon.
Go, now!
[grunts]
[Cho-yeon groans]
[Cho-yeon] Young Master Park!
You need to stop Mu-deok.
Mu-deok.
[Cho-yeon] Please, stop her!
[groans]
Kill her. Hurry!
[Dang-gu grunts]
[groans]
[gasps]
[grunts]
Father!
-[Cho-yeon] Father! Father!
-[U-tak groans]
Father!
[cries]
Father! No!
-Father!
-[groans]
Father!
[young Naksu] Yes, daddy.
[pants]
[bell jingling]
-[Cho-yeon] Father, no!
-[moans in pain]
-[sobs]
-[bell jingling]
[Jin Mu] Naksu.
Kill those who murdered your father.
[Cho-yeon] Father!
[sobs]
Father!
[tense music playing]
[pants]
[suspenseful music playing]
How dare you show your face here?
Capture that criminal Jin Mu!
I, Assistant Gwanju Jin Mu,
am here to catch a soul shifter.
Naksu, who has shifted her soul,
is hidden within the walls of Songrim.
-Naksu?
-[doctor Seo] Lord Park!
[pants]
[groans]
We have a problem.
An assassin has appeared in Sejukwon.
[doctor Seo breathes heavily]
And that assassin has murdered
Lord Jin in cold blood.
That very assassin is the one
I have been after. Naksu.
[doctor Seo] That's not true.
It was…
it was Mu-deok who did it.
Indeed. I am saying that Mu-deok…
is Naksu.
[Beom pants]
An assassin!
An assassin has appeared in Sejukwon!
[Beom pants]
[groans]
[Cho-yeon grunts]
-Get her.
-[mages grunting]
[tense music playing]
-After her!
-[mages] Yes, sir!
[mages grunting]
[mages yell]
[mage grunts]
[grunts]
[breathes heavily]
[tense music playing]
[grunts]
[somber music playing]
[breathes shakily]
[stammers] Mu-deok.
Mu…
Mu-deok.
Jang Uk?
[Jang Uk grunts in pain]
[gasps]
I did this, right?
I did this.
[sobbing]
I…
[breathes heavily]
[Jang Uk] Just one.
You are the one that
I will be wearing for the rest of my life.
I have never given
such a ring to anyone else.
[Mu-deok] It means if I become Naksu,
I'll be in danger.
What happens to me then
will have nothing to do with you.
[Jang Uk] Why?
Because we will no longer be
master and pupil?
You will no longer have to protect me.
Nor will I have a reason
to go easy on you.
Because that was our promise
from the very beginning.
[Jang Uk] Then promise me one more thing.
When you regain your energy,
if you must draw that sword
and point it at someone,
point it at me before anyone else.
You stab me,
and I'll take responsibility
for setting Naksu upon the world,
and I will die.
Jang Uk!
[cries]
[Mu-deok wailing]
[bell jingling]
[moans]
[breathes heavily]
[bell jingling]
[suspenseful music playing]
[mage] After her!
[somber music playing]
[Jin sobs] Uk…
Uk!
I think…
somehow, Uk always knew
that Mu-deok was Naksu.
Jin Mu…
is raiding Jeongjingak
to find proof of that as we speak.
I was aware of it as well.
Please, allow me to go and find her
and find out
what it is that really happened.
You are Seo family's heir.
You did not know anything.
[sighs]
From this moment on, you are forbidden
from leaving the premises.
[Cho-yeon] Father died
at the hands of that assassin.
I will confront her
and kill her no matter what.
No, you can't.
We must find that body
and bring it here alive.
Naksu is just the soul
that's in that body.
I must find out who that body belonged to.
Bring her… at all costs.
The assassin who performed
the alchemy of souls
turned out to be Naksu.
I captured an individual
when I killed Naksu's men.
And that was how I knew
that Naksu was still alive.
All this time,
I've been searching for Naksu
in order to clear my name.
And this Naksu was the daughter
of Cho Chung killed by the four families?
[queen] And she was hiding
in Songrim to avenge her father?
Did Jang Uk keep her
by his side despite knowing this?
We will never know since he has died.
But I ask that
you punish Songrim for this.
[sighs]
And what happened to Naksu?
Cheonbugwan's men are after her.
She has run wild,
so she will be petrified and die.
[sighs]
[Jang Uk stutters] Mu-deok.
Mu… Mu-deok.
[bell jingling]
[groans]
Jang Uk!
[tense music playing]
[breathes heavily]
[sobbing] I'm not even allowed
to wear mourning clothes
nor give him a proper funeral.
How can they burn the young master's body
in such a place?
[maid Kim sobbing]
That cannot happen!
I beg you, stop them, please!
Songrim can't…
step in…
-on this matter at all.
-[maid Kim wails]
I am sorry.
[maid Kim cries]
Young Master…
[sobs]
[Seo Yul sobbing]
[somber music playing]
What am I doing here right now?
At least…
I can no longer hear the bells anymore.
Naksu will go to the soul shifters' grave.
There she'll meet… her end.
The King's Star who has been
granted the power of the skies.
This is not your end yet…
Jang Uk.
[suspenseful music playing]
-[loud rumble]
-[all gasp]
[crowd clamoring]
[woman] Get out of here!
Please, be careful.
Young Master Jang.
[epic music playing]
[all scream]
[closing theme music playing]
A NEW ALCHEMY OF SOULS STORY
WILL BEGIN IN DECEMBER
[shouts]
[man shouts]
[intense music playing]